Merge webcrypto into k6 (#4188)
grafana/k6: examples/webcrypto/README.md

# k6 webcrypto examples

In this directory, you will find examples of how to use the k6's `webcrypto` module in your k6 scripts.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> We do run the tests based on these examples, that's why we have a simple convention for each example:
>

> > * It should do any `console.log`. Since we try to detect that output (log) contain `INFO` keyword.

Reviewer: What does "do" mean in this: "It should do any `console.log`." I wonder if it's do or do not?

```suggestion
> * It should do any `console.log`. Since we try to detect that output (log) contains the `INFO` keyword.
```

Author: I could fix this after merge if needed

> > [!IMPORTANT]
> > We do run the tests based on these examples, that's why we have a simple convention for each example:
> >
> > * It should do any `console.log`. Since we try to detect that output (log) contain `INFO` keyword.
> > * It should NOT `try/catch` exceptions. Since we try to detect if keywords like `"Uncaught"` and `"ERRO"` should not appear in the output (logs).

Reviewer: Based on [your comment](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/4188/files#r1919050525), I'd suggest the following for clarity, but I have no strong opinion. The current text is also fine, except for [the typo](https://github.com/grafana/k6/pull/4188/files#r1919001111).

```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
> We do run the tests based on these examples; that's why we have a simple convention for each example:
>
> * Success condition: Example SHOULD output an `INFO` keyword using `console.log` at least once.
> * Failure condition: Example SHOULD NOT `try/catch` exceptions so that we can detect failures. The log output SHOULD NOT contain any keywords like `"Uncaught"` and `"ERRO"`.
```
